Borderlands 3 UCP Changelog/Mods.

Included Mods:
1. Shooting Star Shield fix (Credits to Lonemasterino)
2. No reload notification (Credit to Apocalyptech)
3. FASTER NPCS (Credit to CZ47)
4. AMMO DROP CHANGES (Credit to Apocalyptech)
5. Vendor Crash Band-Aid (Credit to CZ47)
6. Beef Plisken Loot Drop Pattern Fix. (Credit to Apocalyptech)
7. Fix DLC2 and DLC4 Enemies not dropping shields. (Credit to Apoacalyptech)
8. Fix Siren COMs sometimes spawning with a blank part. (Credit to Apocalyptech)
9. Droughts Stocked Porta-Potties
10. Map De-fogger (Credits to Novenic)
11. Mega TimeSaver XL
12. Patch Slaughterstar 3000 Boss Drop
13. Atlas HQ Fast Travel: Upper Courtyard/Base of Elevator/Rhys' Office
14. Trial Names Fix
15. Red Text Explainer
16. No Loyalty reward notifications
17. Smaller UI Scaling (85%)
18. No Wasted Equipment (Modified so you're three times more likely to find something for your class rather than none at all)


Individual Patch Notes:

Characters:
FL4K:

Fixing the Loader giving you proper damagereduction instead of increased damage intake and making all pet passives scale with Barbaric Yawp
Making the damagereduction bonus from pet a positive value on the card to avoid confusion.

Amara:

The card states it provides Health Regen based on Max health, but currently it's Missing Health Regen.
Tempest states that it gives a total of 50% bonus shock damage at 5/5, however currently at max it only gives a 40% bonus. (20 + 20 instead of 30 + 20), this fixes that.
Deep well currently only Provides -15% Heat per Shot instead of 20%, this fixes that.

Moze:

None

Zane:

Fixing Sheer Will so the bonus cooldown on crit also works for Mntis

General:

Shooting Star Shield works on all maps (Credits to Lonemasterino for this one)
Plus Ultra, Loop of 4N631 and the All-in Shield now work with Zane's and Fl4k's purple Tree Action Skills
No reload notifications

Faster NPCs:
Typhon - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Claptrap - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Claptrap DLC6 - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Maya - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Ava - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Ava DLC6 - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Clay - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Clay DLC6 - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Lilith - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Lorelei - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Lorelei DLC6 - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Gaige - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.
Hammerlock DLC2 - Movement Speed increased to 50% faster than a standard Vault Hunter, sprint speed increased to 75%.

Ammo Drop Changes:
Changed Ammo loot to be based on missing ammo. 

Fixed Plisken Loot to not drop into the void.
Fixed DLC2 and DLC4 Enemies not dropping shields.
Fixed Siren COMs sometimes spawning with a blank part.
Fixed the Droughts Porta-Potties not spawning with loot in early game.
Entire map is de-fogged (minus the challenges and everything) when you enter a new map.
Faster Lootable Containers, Doors, Vehicle Interaction animations, Catch-A-Ride digistruct speed, and Eridian Tools.
Every Red Text gun now explains what the gun does.
Atlas HQ has more shortcuts now.
Slaughterstar 3000 Bosses no longer drop their loot to the void.
Easier explaination of which trials is which.
Removed all Loyalty Reward notifications.
All skills that scale with Mayhem will state that they do with their multiplier value.
All anointments will have a timer on how long they will last (some did before but all do now)





